welcome back to my kitchen have you
tried any of those box meal delivery
services when I send you all the
ingredients to make several dinners in a
box I can't tell you how much I love the
idea of them I wish I could find one
that I liked enough to be my backup for
busy weeks when I just don't want to
think about what we're going to eat last
week I tried Marley spoons and I wanted
to share my thoughts about it with you
one of the reasons I chose Marley spoon
for this week well one of the reasons
was the introductory coupon of course
another reason was that there was an
option for just two meal which fit our
schedule better two meals for two people
get real my son's not doing any of this
so when you set up your order on the
Marley spoon website your default meals
and then you're able to make some
substitutions it looks like there's the
same substitution for the whole month I
won't go for anything the sort of a
pasta grilled cheese kind of dish
because I can shake to pay your a lot of
money for those you know one of the
things that's potentially fun about meal
services is if they give you meals you
wouldn't think to make I would say one
of the meals I got falls into that
category which is the grilled vegetable
torta the other was a black bean spinach
and cheese enchilada I have a sweet
potato enchilada in my regular rotation
so it's not a big departure but I look
good I decided to give it a try now
let's see what was in the box
[Music]
I decided to make the enchiladas on the
first night because they required a
little less hands-on time
[Music]
Oh
I always find the estimated times for
real preparation to be unrealistic I
don't know if they take Iron Chef
candidates who can just chop it really
quickly when they decide how long it
will take to make a dish but I am never
that fast the enchilada said they would
take 40 minutes I did set a timer just
to see how long it would take and I
pulled them out of the oven 52 minutes
after I started the casserole type dish
a wooden plate consider that ready
because it doesn't get sittin cool for a
few minutes before you eat it
considering how far cooking estimates I
usually are off for me I don't consider
the estimates on this one particularly
bad the fact that it takes about an hour
to get fish on the table brings up one
point which is that this we're cooking
dependent lady is used to spending quite
that much time in the kitchen on a busy
weeknight
first thing that strikes me about this
dish is that the portions are enormous
there are 900 calories per serving and
that's just and shilada
there's no side it's just Sancha Ladas
but we ended up not eating the whole
thing so it really wasn't that bad
ideally I think I would have liked to
have two enchiladas per person instead
of four and then a little green salad or
something on the side that's how I would
serve it if I were making it from
scratch as you saw in the video I didn't
have the easiest time rolling the
tortillas but it all cooked up fine I
made the tortoise the next night and I
didn't shoot them at all that recipe had
an insane number of calories 1036
calories per serving
just as the point of comparison I looked
up a restaurant meal that my daughter
and I typically split the burger joint
veggie burger with sweet potato fries
and the side of asparagus and I found
that that what we typically split and
feel quite satisfied has about 900
calories so this is a lot I made some
modifications I didn't use the
mayonnaise we actually happen to love
this salad dressing it has 45 calories
for two tablespoons and I probably
didn't even use that much on the
sandwiches and I didn't even make the
sweet potato personally speaking the
kaiser roll would have been the thing to
get rid of I just couldn't wrap my head
around how to hold the thing together as
a dish if I didn't put it on the roll so
how do I rate my overall experience with
Marlee stone true of any of these
services
I didn't have to think about what to
cook true of some of the services I've
tried it so it tasted good and to a very
few of the services I've tried the
packaging was super easy to recycle so
those are all in the plus column
in the National Plus column the
vegetarian options were very limited as
you saw in the parade of ingredients
this was basically two ways to serve
black beans and pepperjack cheese if you
opted out of the main offerings the
secondary offering is the same for the
whole month so if I did it for three
weeks I wouldn't have been paying a lot
of money for pasta and grilled cheese or
I would be having enchiladas three times
that's a great pretty big negative
it's the insanely high calorie count on
these for me to want to do one of these
meal subscrib meal plan services it
would ideally like it to be bringing me
closer to the way I want us to be eating
not farther so our family goes into any
of these meal delivery services add a
little bit of a handicap because we're
vegetarian being realistic you'll pay a
premium for any of these although I do
get passionately because there are some
penny-pinching reviewers who claim that
they really spend less on these boxes
than they would in the grocery store so
i'm curiosity i decided to see how much
it would be if I had bought everything
that's in the box myself and I went the
most expensive way possible I use the
instacart app it's just convenient they
deliver for you
and in our area they will pick up from
Whole Foods and if you've ever been in
Whole Foods
you know nassif cheap this way to get
your groceries at regular price the box
would been 48 dollars the ingredients in
it from Whole Foods buying everything
that means buying a bottle of mayonnaise
and a whole can of tomato paste the
total came to 29 dollars if I just had
that delivered it would be another ten
dollars so thirty nine dollars this is
all hypothetical but you know I would
probably throw on enough to get to the
thirty-five dollar minimum to make the
delivery charge a little lower so I
consider that to be the most expensive
way to get the ingredients into this
house and it basically works out to be
thirteen dollars cheaper than the box so
do I consider these recipe ideas to be
worth thirteen dollars Pinterest thanks
honestly I had planned to bring you a
whole series of videos this month about
meal
planning services and then I asked my
daughter to pick which one we should
have for this week we just didn't like
any of the meals enough hot a grilled
cheese a lot of pasta don't really need
to pay a lot of money for that it was
good timing knows I had to drive her to
a rehearsal it was an hour away and she
was a captive audience so I said okay if
you want to pick one of the meal
delivery services let's make the meal
plan see how many meals I need to do and
you decide what I'm making so she did
that will be having lentil and spinach
dal tomorrow and this really cool
looking pasta dish with crimini
mushrooms snap peas and a sauce made of
avocado sounds like good I'll keep you
posted if you want to hear about it and
an Indian eggplant dish for next week
pretty ambitious for me but we'll see
how that goes
I think it goes on instant pot I hope so
so overall my recommendation on Marley
spoon is that it might be just fine if
you're not a vegetarian not great for
vegetarians if you enjoyed this video
click Subscribe below I'd love to hear
your thoughts about meal delivery
services in the comments